ES|QL Data Federation management app (#265681)
elastic/kibana: docs/extend/plugin-list.md

| [contentConnectors](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/content_connectors/README.mdx) | This plugin contains common assets and endpoints for the use of connectors in Kibana. Primarily used by the enterprise_search and serverless_search plugins. |
| [crossClusterReplication](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/private/cross_cluster_replication/README.md) | You can run a local cluster and simulate a remote cluster within a single Kibana directory. |
| [customBranding](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/private/custom_branding/README.md) | This is a plugin to configure custom branding. Plugin server-side only. Plugin has three main functions: |

> | [dataFederation](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/private/data_federation/README.md) | Management UI for ESQL data federation, create and manage data sources (S3, GCS, Azure) and data sets that map to external object storage, queryable directly from ESQL without ingestion. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [dataFederation](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/plugins/private/data_federation/README.md) | Management UI for ESQL data federation, which allows you to create and manage connections to external data sources and data sets which are queryable directly from ESQL without ingestion. |
```

this is just a total nit about tightening up this description and removing specific names as we only support S3 initially

(because these are public docs, just don't want to misadvertise anything)
